As expected of a world-famous archer
The winner of this first contempt
It must be the warrior of this American country
I don't know Mu Guiying, this bitch
Where did the courage come from?
How dare you seck for the building
It turns out that the emperor of this building
3,000 miles of fief was given away for nothing
60 cities
It's my turn.
What kind of work is this?
I'm not used to it being so light
Princess Long
Are you going to admit defeat?
Mu Guiying didn't expect your brain to be so good
I know it's better than just abstaining
I said I'm not used to it.
Not giving up
If your dog's ears don't work, cut them off
Phoenix is coming tomorrow
Phoenix, why will he be in the hands of gold tomorrow?
Can't stop you
Why did he suddenly change the field control?
Is it cheating to be special?
I agree to replace
Do you have an opinion?
I don't think it's exciting enough
You are blindfolded
Then you will hurt the warriors of our country
You can't afford that.
To play is to play the most exciting
That's called resignation.